hey hey Rachael and I hired a male nanny
Billy guys do this that's weird
thank you yeah that's like a woman
wanting to be a what Oh what what's the
end of that sentence
yes what is the end of that sentence a
penis mom anyway hey did you tell
Chandler that some guy from work is the
funniest guy you ever met yeah so Wow
really do you not know Chandler is that
why he's acting so weird he's jealous my
god that is crazy it's something I'm
attracted to Geoffrey
so was being funny is Chandler's thing
you know like Ross's thing is science
academia being a good father you know I
can't believe is that upset about this
Monica you have to do some damage
control here okay cuz he's feeling like
hey hey hey what are you guys talking
about uh Rachel and I hired a male nanny
you got a man who's a nanny you got a
Manny
you know I don't mind a male nanny but I
do draw the line of male wet-nurse
mister know you guys were coming over I
want to brought more pizzas
what did show funny about that I don't
know it's well just the way you say it
I'm you buddy
you had that funny thing here what a guy
did you tell her what we talked about
yeah
so those were pity lives pity laughs
honey listen you have nothing to worry
about with Jeffrey oh yeah
is he funnier than me well you're you're
different funny I mean you're more
sarcastic and and well he does bits and
impressions and and limericks
I do limericks uh there once was a man
in Chandler whose wife made him die
inside hey you know I think you're
hilarious well you know that joke he
told me last week the one about Jerry
Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye
slayed me hey I made up that joke and
told it to you not knowing when to shut
up
well let's methania